hey guys welcome back to flix recap my
name is luke pelletier and today we're
covering the 2010 rom-com i love you
beth cooper before we start be sure to
drop a like leave a comment and of
course subscribe to the channel if you
enjoy the breakdown
and as a disclaimer this video includes
my own personal commentary it's not a
substitute for the film links to
purchase the film are in the description
below
alright let's get it going
the movie starts with a high school
graduation and a girl singing with a
guitar
behind her we see the faculty seated
along with dennis the valedictorian
who's staring into space he's having a
flashback about his friend explaining to
him how if he doesn't make a move the
girl he likes will never know that he
even existed and that he needs to do
something memorable something that'll
make history in some sort of way
he tells dennis to do so in his
valedictorian speech
dennis is called on to the stage to give
his speech
it starts off pretty awkward he cracks a
joke that no one laughs at except for
his parents which kind of makes it worse
while reminiscing he says that he has no
regrets and then he drops a bomb on the
audience with one simple line
i love you beth cooper looking her right
in the eyes he then goes on to explain
how long he has loved her for
meanwhile we can see how angry beth's
boyfriend kevin is who goes to military
school
dennis the valedictorian mind you goes
on to pinpoint other students from the
audience such as one with an eating
disorder a girl named valley who is too
full of herself and a kid named greg
who's a bully he even points towards
kevin by saying he can't get himself an
adult girlfriend he then looks at his
best friend rich and claims that he's
gay
dennis goes outside and meets his
teacher she says she wasn't expecting
him to do something so reckless and that
it could jeopardize his admission to
stanford university he explains to her
how it was important for beth to
remember him which is why he had to do
this
death approaches dennis and says that he
embarrassed her but it was sweet
meanwhile rich approaches and tells
dennis that he isn't gay dennis then
invites beth to a party that he's
hosting and beth says she might drop by
beth's boyfriend kevin comes and
confronts dennis the confrontation is
stopped thanks to dennis's teacher
rich again insists to dennis that he
isn't gay and dennis robots by telling
him that everyone thinks he is dennis
has another flashback of a moment that
definitely implies that rich really
might be gay obviously not that there's
anything wrong with it but rich should
own it dennis claims that he had a
girlfriend named patty while rich stayed
single dennis shows rich his ipod that
he got as a gift and rich says his dad
just sent him a bill it's a kind of
weird dynamic between friends
but you know
when you're valedictorian i guess it's
lonely at the top
rich arrives at dennis's house later and
shows off his new shoes that he bought
for himself with two paychecks
dennis on the other hand is very
apathetic and is more concerned with
throwing his party his mother insists
that he shouldn't have too much fun
while his father says that he should and
he should ditch his lucky spider-man
underpants his dad gives him a bottle of
champagne that he can share with
everyone and even tells him where his
stash of condoms are now as you might
guess beth and her friends arrive at
dennis's house and realize they're the
first ones there
dennis gets the bright idea to offer the
champagne his dad mentioned only thing
is that he struggles opening the bottle
and accidentally cuts himself while
doing so
rich then thinks to show the condoms his
dad mentioned and dennis accidentally
smacks himself in the face with the cork
beth ices dennis's face with something
from the freezer she's sitting on dennis
as she does so and dennis perks up a bit
which amuses the girls the girls find
the condoms and get ready to leave and
like clockwork things get worse as kevin
and his friends arrive at dennis's house
dennis tries to secure the house since
kevin is trying to get in kevin makes
his way from the back door and beth
realizes that he's under the influence
kevin begins breaking things in the
house and even hurls the microwave at
dennis which gets stuck in the kitchen
wall
rich and dennis run upstairs as kevin
chases them
rich hides in the closet rimshot and
hands dennis a lightsaber to defend
himself with kevin breaks the door and
enters and sees a poster of beth on
dennis's ceiling
while it's both sweet and creepy it's
definitely not gonna help dennis's beef
with kevin kevin rips off the arms of a
skeleton in dennis's room and begins
beating dennis stupid with them
meanwhile rich escapes out the window
beth suddenly has a change of heart and
knocks out kevin and notices her poster
meanwhile kevin wakes up and pushes
dennis off the roof
rich and dennis escape to the road where
beth accidentally hits dennis with her
car
she tells them to get in and they drive
off they quickly realize that beth is a
terrible driver and rich recalls how bad
she was even in driver's ed
beth and dennis enter a gas station to
grab some beer they try to purchase the
beer but the cashier asks for an id for
which beth hands over a fake
she even claims that dennis is her
little brother however she cuts a deal
by kissing the cashier which he accepts
without a second thought
seeing this disappoints dennis since he
realizes that his idea of who beth was
is far from who she actually is
oh yes dennis welcome to the cold cruel
world fraught with disappointment we
have fun around here in any event they
make their way to the woods where they
sip a bit and dennis gets awfully silent
he tries opening his beer with his teeth
and ends up breaking one of them
the song kiss beth comes on and beth
gives her friends the look to leave
where only beth and dennis remain
they make small talk while rich and
beth's friends find a farm where they
try to tip a cow and in the process rich
steps in a huge pile of cow
droppings and subsequently causes a
stampede
beth tells dennis she has no such plans
for the future and seems unexcited she
tells him she heard him say she isn't
the beth cooper he knew and he explains
to her that she's much better than she
thinks she is excellent save the others
come back and rich is asked to leave his
dirty shoes behind obviously
once again beth showcases her horrendous
driving skills and hits a parked car on
the side of the road once everything
stops an old couple that seem to be
doing the deed step out of the parked
car
and dennis realizes that it's his
parents
dennis tells beth to get out of there as
fast as she could they arrive at valley
woolly's house who dennis called
pretentious in his speech
dennis runs into greg and greg starts
getting emotional and opening up to him
dennis goes out to rich and they see
their gym teacher getting a little too
comfortable with female students
dennis meets patty who tells him that
beth's boyfriend is actually at the same
party upstairs
dennis and rich try to escape with beth
and her friends but inevitably fail and
get seen by kevin who as it turns out
has been messing around with valley thus
breaking beth's heart
kevin tries to pick a fight with dennis
while beth does a bit of soul searching
kevin is about to beat dennis into
oblivion but is stopped by the gym
teacher who comes in and starts
establishing rules saying that he wants
a clean fight
dennis tries apologizing but kevin
punches him anyway
greg comes in and tries to save dennis
but the real savior here is beth who
suddenly crashes into the house using
kevin's hummer and escapes with the crew
with beth's terrible driving they head
to the high school
there beth and her friends decide to
show dennis the things that give her
nostalgia and make her reminisce about
school then she and her friends decide
to hit the showers
green as they are dennis stops
second-guessing himself takes his dad's
carpe diem advice and heads over to the
showers
beth grins when she sees him she tells
him not to be shy and drops her towel
to put the proverbial cherry on top
beth's friends invite dennis to join in
in the middle of dennis having the time
of his life kevin arrives rich steps in
to intervene and starts hitting kevin
and his friends with a wet blanket
showing off his ironic expertise
meanwhile dennis takes beth cammy and
therese and tells them to escape using
beth's car that kevin used to track them
down
after rich has finally won the towel
fight he joins the rest and they drive
off to teresa's dad's cabin here it's
revealed that beth and her friends only
decided to show up to dennis's party
because they thought it would be funny
which again breaks dennis's heart they
go out to get some drinks and dennis
starts stinking up the car according to
beth she tells dennis that they just
have to air it out and beth cracks a
window as luck would have it beth drops
it and dennis is left there sitting in
his underwear they try to get it back
but a raccoon already has it
dennis is left only wearing beth's
pancho here they have a deep
conversation which leads to dennis
telling beth how so many guys would love
her but beth says all the other guys
would only be interested for a night
deep down dennis thinks that he doesn't
have a chance with beth so he just stays
silent some carpe diem huh
they reached teresa's dad's cabin and
drink a lot of vodka
therese gets dennis out of the poncho
and beth asks if anyone would like to
see the sun rise with her to which
dennis volunteers and they have a heart
to heart
rich is inside with trees and cammy when
cammy reveals that she's a movie fanatic
too
therese and cammy decide on showing rich
some fun things which i mean if rich was
gay before he's probably bi now right
dennis and beth are still outside and
homeboy finally musters up the courage
to tell beth how he feels
he tells her that all his hopes from
school are from this specific night
dennis finally gets the chance to kiss
beth and boom
everyone gets back to dennis's house and
we can see that his mom disapproves of
beth dennis's dad tells rich he should
stay at their place for a couple of days
because of rich's dad dennis's dad seems
proud of him and is happy for him
dennis and beth wish each other the best
of luck and beth kisses him again
dennis tells her if they're single after
a couple of years he'll marry her and
she says that's a promise
beth drives off with her friends and
after his encounter rich actually comes
out of the closet
overall a pretty fun movie
lots of good old-fashioned sexual
misconduct mixed with high school antics
a classic trope but what did you think
let me know in the comments below and be
sure to subscribe to flix recap so you
don't miss the next video until next
time